README.md, before:

# Primus DVC Demo


## Overview

DVC (data verification and computation) allows verified personal data to be computed in a privacy-preserving way. Primus DVC uses zkTLS and zkVM to support this capability in a plugable mode. Developers can use different zkTLS algorithms (MPC-TLS or Proxy-TLS) and different zkVM providers (e.g., Succinct, Brevis, etc) to customize their business use case. 

## The Idea
Primus zkTLS enables DVC by passing user data attestation and its hash value to the zkVM, where the zk proof is generated on the private data and its metadata restrictions. For instance, if a user wants to prove his bank balance is over 10 USD. He can first create a zkTLS attestation and its hash value about the balance raw data， and then create a verifiable zk proof through a zkVM program towards the raw data to demonstrate the balance is over 10 USD. The program shall also check the validity of the attestation by checking the hash consistency.

## Basic Workflow

- **Write program**
  1. Write a Program in Rust and compile it into an ELF.
  2. Upload the ELF generated in Step 1 to DVC-Service. The service will return a program ID.
- **Execute ZKTLS and submit proof task**
  1. Write the client code to interact with the Primus Network using ZKTLS to generate the attestation data.
  2. Submit the program ID and attestation data from the previous steps to the Service.
  3. Query the results.

See [Quick Start](./dvc-client/README.md#quick-start) for more details.

<br/>


```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    actor client as Client
    box DVC Service
      participant service as Service
      participant queue as TaskQueue
      participant worker as Worker
    end
    participant prover as Prover

    par Prepare elf
      Note over client: 1. write rust program <br/> and compile to elf
      
      client ->> service: upload program <br/> (elf)
      service-->>client: return program id
    end

    par Submit task
      Note over client: 2. do zktls with primus network <br/> to get attestation data
      
      client ->> service: submit task <br/>(program_id,attestation_data)
      service ->> queue: Set task status to "queued" <br/> Enqueue(task_id, ...)
      service-->>client: return task id and status "queued"
    end


    par Do task asynchronous
      queue ->> worker: Dequeue(task_id, ...) <br/> set task status to "running"

      worker->>prover: Launch the prover execution <br/> (program, attestation)

      Note over prover: load the corresponding program, <br/> and generate a proof.
      prover->>worker: return proof

      worker->>queue: Task completed
      queue->>service: Set task status to "done"
    end

    par Poll result
      client ->> service: poll task result <br/>(task_id)
      service-->>client: return task result
    end
```

**NOTES:**
- The `Client` interacts via the **ProverClient(SDK)**.


## Components

- [dvc-client](./dvc-client/README.md)
- [dvc-service](./dvc-service/README.md), running inside TEE
- program:
  - [dvc-brevis-program](./dvc-brevis-program/README.md)
  - [dvc-succinct-program](./dvc-succinct-program/README.md)
- prover: the execution of your program to generate zero-knowledge proofs (ZKPs).
  - [dvc-brevis-prover](./dvc-brevis-prover/README.md)
  - [dvc-succinct-prover](./dvc-succinct-prover/README.md)


## User Guide

- [Developer's Guide](./DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md).

Commit message:

Change 'User Guide' to 'Developer Guide'
Updated the section title from 'User Guide' to 'Developer Guide' and added a brief description.

README.md, after:

# Primus DVC Demo


## Overview

DVC (data verification and computation) allows verified personal data to be computed in a privacy-preserving way. Primus DVC uses zkTLS and zkVM to support this capability in a plugable mode. Developers can use different zkTLS algorithms (MPC-TLS or Proxy-TLS) and different zkVM providers (e.g., Succinct, Brevis, etc) to customize their business use case. 

## The Idea
Primus zkTLS enables DVC by passing user data attestation and its hash value to the zkVM, where the zk proof is generated on the private data and its metadata restrictions. For instance, if a user wants to prove his bank balance is over 10 USD. He can first create a zkTLS attestation and its hash value about the balance raw data， and then create a verifiable zk proof through a zkVM program towards the raw data to demonstrate the balance is over 10 USD. The program shall also check the validity of the attestation by checking the hash consistency.

## Basic Workflow

- **Write program**
  1. Write a Program in Rust and compile it into an ELF.
  2. Upload the ELF generated in Step 1 to DVC-Service. The service will return a program ID.
- **Execute ZKTLS and submit proof task**
  1. Write the client code to interact with the Primus Network using ZKTLS to generate the attestation data.
  2. Submit the program ID and attestation data from the previous steps to the Service.
  3. Query the results.

See [Quick Start](./dvc-client/README.md#quick-start) for more details.

<br/>


```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    actor client as Client
    box DVC Service
      participant service as Service
      participant queue as TaskQueue
      participant worker as Worker
    end
    participant prover as Prover

    par Prepare elf
      Note over client: 1. write rust program <br/> and compile to elf
      
      client ->> service: upload program <br/> (elf)
      service-->>client: return program id
    end

    par Submit task
      Note over client: 2. do zktls with primus network <br/> to get attestation data
      
      client ->> service: submit task <br/>(program_id,attestation_data)
      service ->> queue: Set task status to "queued" <br/> Enqueue(task_id, ...)
      service-->>client: return task id and status "queued"
    end


    par Do task asynchronous
      queue ->> worker: Dequeue(task_id, ...) <br/> set task status to "running"

      worker->>prover: Launch the prover execution <br/> (program, attestation)

      Note over prover: load the corresponding program, <br/> and generate a proof.
      prover->>worker: return proof

      worker->>queue: Task completed
      queue->>service: Set task status to "done"
    end

    par Poll result
      client ->> service: poll task result <br/>(task_id)
      service-->>client: return task result
    end
```

**NOTES:**
- The `Client` interacts via the **ProverClient(SDK)**.


## Components

- [dvc-client](./dvc-client/README.md)
- [dvc-service](./dvc-service/README.md), running inside TEE
- program:
  - [dvc-brevis-program](./dvc-brevis-program/README.md)
  - [dvc-succinct-program](./dvc-succinct-program/README.md)
- prover: the execution of your program to generate zero-knowledge proofs (ZKPs).
  - [dvc-brevis-prover](./dvc-brevis-prover/README.md)
  - [dvc-succinct-prover](./dvc-succinct-prover/README.md)


## Developer Guide
The following document gives a step-by-step guide on how to create a zk proof with a zkTLS attestation locally.
- [Developer's Guide](./DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md).
